README.md, before:

# 🌍 Text-to-Text Language Translator (Python)

This is a simple yet powerful text-to-text language translation project built using Python.

## 🔹 Features
- Translate text between ALL major languages
- Simple CLI-based application
- Uses Google Translator via deep-translator
- Clean project structure

## 🔹 Project Structure

```
text_to_text_translator/
├── app.py
├── model.py
├── requirements.txt
├── dataset/
│ └── languages.txt
└── README.md
```

## 🔹 How to Run

1️⃣ Install dependencies  

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2️⃣ Run the app  

```bash
python app.py
```

3️⃣ Enter:
- Text to translate
- Source language code (en, ta, hi, etc.)
- Target language code

## 🔹 Example

Input:

```
Text: Hello World
Source: en
Target: ta
```

Output:

```
வணக்கம் உலகம்
```

## 🔹 Supported Languages
Supports 100+ languages (Google Translate supported)

---

🚀 Developed for AI / ML / NLP learning & projects

Commit message:

Update README with Live Demo link and Streamlit instructions

README.md, after:

# 🌍 Text-to-Text Language Translator (Python)

This is a simple yet powerful text-to-text language translation project built using Python and Streamlit.

## � Live Demo
[👉 Click Here to Try the App](https://magudeshwaran-vision-translate.streamlit.app/)

## �🔹 Features
- Translate text between ALL major languages
- Modern Streamlit Web Interface
- Uses Google Translator via deep-translator
- Clean project structure

## 🔹 Project Structure

```
text_to_text_translator/
├── app.py
├── model.py
├── requirements.txt
├── dataset/
│ └── languages.txt
└── README.md
```

## 🔹 How to Run

1️⃣ Install dependencies  

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2️⃣ Run the app  

```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

3️⃣ Enter:
- Text to translate
- Source language code (en, ta, hi, etc.)
- Target language code

## 🔹 Example

Input:

```
Text: Hello World
Source: en
Target: ta
```

Output:

```
வணக்கம் உலகம்
```

## 🔹 Supported Languages
Supports 100+ languages (Google Translate supported)

---

🚀 Developed for AI / ML / NLP learning & projects
